Create a folder names assignment_1 in your home folder. You may create this folder with the command line or with the visual user interface on the file tree in the left sidebar.

If you haven't done so already, open a terminal and navigate to your newly created assignment_1 folder. Ensure that you are indeed in the assignment_1 folder and complete the following tasks:

    Use the command line to create a subfolder called assets inside your assignment_1 folder;
    
    Use the command line to create a subfolder called party inside your assignment_1 folder;
    
    Inside your assets folder, use the command line to create two new text files. They should be named paintings.txt and furniture.txt;
    
    Inside your party folder, use the command line to create two new text files. They should be named guestlist.txt and catering.txt;
    
    In your assignment_1 folder, use the appropriate terminal command to list the contents of the folder. Redirect the output of that command to a file called overall.txt. That is     to say that a file called overall.txt should appear in your assignment_1 folder and its contents should be the result of the "list" command executed on the assignment_1           folder;
    
    From your assignment_1 folder, use the appropriate terminal command to list the contents of the assets folder. Redirect the output of that command to a file called assets.txt;
    
    From your assignment_1 folder, use the appropriate terminal command to list the contents of the party folder. Redirect the output of that command to a file called party.txt;
    
    Now use the appropriate terminal command to move the file guestlist.txt from the party folder to the assets folder;
    
    In addition, use the appropriate terminal command to move the file paintings.txt from the assets folder to the party folder;
    
    From your assignment_1 folder, use the appropriate terminal command to list the contents of the assets folder again. This time redirect the output of that command to a file       called assets_after.txt;
    
    From your assignment_1 folder, use the appropriate terminal command to list the contents of the party folder again. This time redirect the output of that command to a file         called party_after.txt;
